---
layout: post
title:  v2023.4 Release Notes
date:   2023-04-01 09:00:00 +0530
categories: ios,release,notes
bannerImage: /assets/images/posts/20230401-sharedledgers/banner
excerpt: Pockity’s April 2023 release brings Shared Ledgers, lots of improvements and bug fixes.
---

This build contains new features, improvements and lots of bug fixes. 

I appreciate if you could take a moment to [review the App](https://apps.apple.com/app/pockity/id1475098830?action=write-review) on the App Store.

### New 

- Shared Ledgers: You can now share your ledgers with your friends, parents and spouse. You can configure permissions on each shared ledger. You can read more about [Shared Ledgers](/blog/2023-04-01/shared-ledgers/) in its own post.

- Shows total expense amount for the day in the entries list  (configurable under settings)

- Shows Category budget at the top of an expense entry with real-time expense calculations 

### Improved

- Ledger details now shows total income and expense for the selected date interval

- Currency rows throughout the app and now tappable to view a searchable list of currencies

- Currency list now always shows the search bar

- Currency list items are now tappable anywhere  

### Fixes 

- Fixed changing currency back to ledger currency converting doubly or not at all

- Fixed opening entry with custom currency would default to the ledger’s currency

- Fixed not being able to toggle between accounts when transfering, and ledger only has two accounts.

- Fixed crash occuring when reimbursing an account

- Fixed a crash when the app would transition between light and dark modes and recurring view is visible.

- Fixed a crash when changing the timeline interval too quickly or too often for very large data sets.  

- Fixed account number validation for the Account editor

- Fixed opening entry editor showing the incorrect last used account and category by default

- Fixed category header overlapping the entry input after changing categories

- Fixed a crash occurring when selecting dates for CSV exports 

- Fixed selection of items after duplication/deletion