---
layout: post
title: September 2024 Release
date: 2024-09-16T21:00:00+05:30
categories: iOS,macOS,release,notes
---

I'm excited to introduce a major update to Pockity that makes tracking your budget and expenses more intuitive and seamless than ever. From new app icons to advanced gesture controls, this update brings a host of new features, improvements, and fixes across iOS, macOS, and watchOS.

If you feel generous and have a couple of minutes, please leave a [review on the App Store](https://apps.apple.com/app/id1475098830?action=write-review). It makes a huge difference for me. Thank you in advance.

### New
- `iOS`: **App Icons:** Choose from Light, Dark, and Tinted app icons to customize Pockity to your style.
- `iOS`: **Control Center Widgets:** Quickly add new entries or scan receipts directly from your Control Center, saving you time on-the-go.
- **Tags:** Organize your entries by tags! You can now assign tags to any entry, search for tagged items, and filter by individual tags. Plus, tags are global, so they work across all your ledgers.
- **Spotlight Integration:** Now you can search for your entries using Spotlight, making it easier than ever to find the information you need.

### Improvements
- `watchOS`: **watchOS 11 Support:** Experience enhanced functionality with new double-tap hand gestures on Apple Watch. Navigate between detail views or create a new entry with just a double tap.
- **Recurring Items Management:** Recurring entries are now clearly categorized into two sections: Active and Expired, helping you manage them more effectively.
- **Swift 6 Compliance:** We’ve updated Pockity to be fully compliant with Swift 6, ensuring better performance and reliability across the app.

### Fixes
- **Stability Enhancements:** Various under-the-hood fixes for a smoother, more stable experience on iOS, macOS, and watchOS.

This update brings smarter tools to your fingertips. As always, I'm committed to making Pockity the best budgeting app for you!