---
layout: post
title: October 2024 Release
date: 2024-11-11 07:00:00 +0530
categories: iOS,release,notes
---

I'm excited to introduce a major update to Pockity that makes tracking your budget and expenses more intuitive and seamless than ever. From new app icons to advanced gesture controls, this update brings a host of new features, improvements, and fixes across iOS and iPadOS.

If you feel generous and have a couple of minutes, please leave a [review on the App Store](https://apps.apple.com/app/id1475098830?action=write-review). It makes a huge difference for me. Thank you in advance.

### New 
- Make an account the default account for a ledger, so all new entries will default to using that account.
- Nested Categories: you can now create sub-categories from any parent category. 

### Improvements
- Improved UI for the bottom bar buttons UI, larger buttons for better "tapability".
- Entries list will now show totals in the navigation bar UI for the selected date interval (All, Month, Week).
- Revamped Settings UI. It looks the same, with minor improvements and tweaks, but is now more reliable.  

### Fixes
- Fixed a bug where sometimes removing a budget from a category would not update it in the data store. 
- Fixed a bug where editing a category detail would not immediately update it. 
- Fixed a bug where removing a tag from an entry would sometimes crash the app. 
- Fixed a crash when the app was opened by tapping on a category budget widget and the associated ledger was not found.
- Fixed a bug where the app would inadvertently replace the predefined account or category when creating an entry from an account or category's timeline.
- Additional logging for Account manager to debug issues around incorrect account balances occuring for some users. 
