---
layout: post
title: November 2024 Release
date: 2024-11-19 07:00:00 +0530
categories: macOS,release,notes
---

I'm excited to introduce a major update to Pockity that makes tracking your budget and expenses more intuitive and seamless than ever. This update brings a host of new features, improvements, and fixes for the macOS app.

If you feel generous and have a couple of minutes, please leave a [review on the App Store](https://apps.apple.com/app/id1475098830?action=write-review). It makes a huge difference for me. Thank you in advance.


### New 

- Make an account the default account for a ledger, so all new entries will default to using that account.

- Nested Categories: you can now create sub-categories from any parent category. 

- Browser Extension: Import expenses from Amazon(.com, .uk, .ca, ...) and Apple Store (online) order pages.

### Fixes

- Fixed a bug where sometimes removing a budget from a category would not update it in the data store. 

- Fixed a bug where editing a category detail would not immediately update it. 

- Fixed a bug where removing a tag from an entry would sometimes crash the app. 

- Fixed a crash when the app was opened by clicking on a category budget widget and the associated ledger was not found.

- Fixed a bug where the app would inadvertently replace the predefined account or category when creating an entry from an account or category's timeline.

- Additional logging for Account manager to debug issues around incorrect account balances occuring for some users. 

- Fixed a bug where focus filters would sometimes not take effect. 

- Fixed a bug where the app would sometimes crash when viewing recurring item details.

- Fixed a bug where creating a transaction would update the account balance but not reflect it in the UI.

- Fixed a background crash that would sometimes occur when creating backups. 

- Fixed a bug causing Widgets to not load.